hey there it's late from the blizzcon
studio and today I'm here to talk to you
about using the ipad 2 for video and I
learned to tell you about this great
product since sliced bread invention
that i purchased which is called the
mocking yama movie mount to what i love
about the Maquis am i moving mount too
is that i can put one of my quick
release mounts right into the actual
amount on moving on itself take my ipad
2 and simply snap it right into place
making sure all four corners are snuggly
fit in before i let go of it and then i
simply just take it and drop it right
into mana my very expensive tripod
stands and I'm really ready and good to
go for moviemaking with the ipad 2 now
the other beautiful thing about this
mount is that i could take a boom mic
which I don't have here to show you
today but I could slide the boom mic
right on here or if i want i can add a
light to the top and I'm willing two
flashes on you real quick because I
don't want to mess up the camera there
but where I can automatically record at
the same time any microphone that I have
whether it so a pillow Mike like I'm
working with today or whether it's a
boom mic i simply can plug right into
the side of the odd ipad without any
intrusions now you notice that this
particular mount comes with or i
actually purchased the additional lens
for it and this is a wide-angle
teleconverter or i should say a wide
angle converter which allows me to widen
the view of the lens on the ipad now
remember when you do that you're always
going to lose quality so it's really
important to turn a really good lighting
situation to do that so you get the best
clarity possible they also sell a
telephoto version of this it could also
slide easy in place and it's really just
a matter of a slip and slide to make a
change in your viewing experience for
using
the iPad you can do that really even
though you'll hear the click obviously
you can do that while you're recording
video for 29 this is the maca Yama movie
mount to gracing since sliced bread it's
actually a Dutch company but Makka Yama
and Japanese maka means actually from
the word maka Seder which means to trust
and yama implies the singular form of
the word mountain and so for me it
seemed really powerful that it's true
that it is a trustworthy mountain if you
will because it's very secure here on my
tripod and that's why I want and I use
this in this position every single day
to record to have video conferences all
kinds of things it's the best thing
you're going to buy I am highly
encouraging you so you wanna learn more
about it to simply click the link below
here and you can find out everything you
need to know about the maca amo movie
mount to